19th of the ranking laval still has a
chance of keeping two points of the
first non-relegable team of
Laval who are better on two
consecutive victories and occasionally
of these two matches 5 goals scored
none cashed
we will have to make a successful haven
why not because the people of Le Havre are 10th
ranking but only 19th of
home matches 4 wins for 5
draws and 5 losses at océane laval stadium
in white is the first team to
attack with this center the trajectory
cut by zargo turned the unfortunate
Le Havre defender scores against his camp
from the 8th minute laval is in the process of
make a big move by leading 1 0
the Le Havre answer with this hit at
on top of it a little shy answer
the harbor is deprived of its license
still suspended no return from
yohann river injured the strikes get
multiply on the goal kept by lionel
cappone is still no results and
at the half time it is the valve that
leads 1 0 the Laval residents they are
private only two seamstresses injured and
who are following up after the
two previous victories
Le Havre on their side must
be wary they only have six points advanced
on the first relegation team but this
would be for a cruel disappointment that of
lose at home because they are about five
matches without defeat 2 wins and 3
null
it is a better series should be
continue to pay attention to this
kind of balloon pushed in the direction the
ball deviated by abdoulaye diallo the
goalkeeper from the month of
january when a possibility with this
ball that gives nothing a free kick
badly played
the sky and navy that continues with
this hit which is too much crossed the
chances are escaping have
played every last moment the stops
of play this opening towards harrison
manzanas cross-hitting pole
returning
finally the equalizer it was necessary to wait
the very last action of the match at
end of game stops
second goal of the season for monza there
and that's 1 goal everywhere Le Havre
are doing very well a cruel purpose for
Laval residents who thought well chained
with a third consecutive success this
will not be the case